Once upon a time there was a girl named Emma. Emma was a sweetgirl her family went on a trip but the family got in a caraccident luckily they surved. After oneyear the parents got sick! Eventually they went to the hospital the little girl had to beg on street! Until a man saw her.
And adopted her but he was rich the mantook her and asked her  she told him the man was shocked. When  it was bedtime the man couldn't stop thinking what happend. He went to the hospital and gave money to save the parents! the next day the parents surprised Emma, She was so happy. The man gave them $100000000! 
After that they were able to buy a house and education! One day she was talking to her friends! After that she went home, when she was walking she saw a puppy on the street. she was sick and broke her leg she ran to it and hugged it and adopted her and she named her Coockie. 
Emma took her to the vet her leg was fixed and she wasn't sick anymore Emma was so happy! she went shopping  for her puppy.When she was shopping she saw the man who adopted her! she ran into his arms.Ever sins that day they allways see each other everday!
One day Emma entered in a lottery and...she ... won the lottery! She ran downstairs and told her parents,they were so happy.One day Emma was walking with her dog and she saw her friend she ran to her. Emma said hi!  her friend was sad... Emma ran and huged her  Emma asked what happend? Emma's friend said my brother max died in the army......
Emma was so shocked!  Emma sad i'm sory for you... i'ts okay said Emma frind. When it was bed time Emma went to bed her mom got pregnanat! the next day mom told Emma. Emma was so happy the babby was kicking dad rushed mom to the hospital it was a girl we named her 
Ivy! a few yeas  later Emma is 11 her birthday August 22. Ivy is 7 birthday october 12 one day when sisters and cookie were  at the park Ivy said to Emma i'ts getting late can we  go home? Koay said Emma on the way they met a boy named adil  he saide hi they chit chat for a bit.  then they left.
When  they were walking Ivy  saw Cooki was missing!The sister looked left and right!But they didn't finde her...Ivy was so sad she started crying.......Emma was also sad..Emma saw something in the distance it...it... it was Cooki!
Ivy ran and hugged cookie!!!!!Emma  followed she allso hugged Cookie they went home  on the way they saw thier friend adil Emma said hi and left they finilly got home . The next day Emma  and Ivy were looking for a car on the way  they  saw adil they said hi and left. 
When Ivy was in the toy isle . Emma saw  the cars .  Emma called Ivy,hey Ivy I found the car isle!ok geez. what did u say!n-nothing. GOOD! Now let's go. Ok but first can u bey me this toy please?? ok ok fine. The sisters went to the car isle. They saw  a cyber truck! they bought it! It cost 20 bucks after that they bought another car, they bought lambarghini. 
The next day it was Emma's birthday! It was a hello kitty birthday, she invited Adil not Jake he is mean. She also invited ... blake, Ivy, lilly, Molly, Max, Zoey, Clover, Sally, Lola and Alisha. It was so fun !!!!!!!!!!!!!! After that Emma's birthday was over. Then the sister left home .The next day the sisters had to take Cookie too the vet today.Cookie was scraed.Cookie ran  away so she won't go to the vet Ivy and Emma had to chase Cookie all over the house.Emmma said I have a plan to catch Cookie .Ivy went with emma to her (emma) room on the way Ivy asked emma where are the parents? They are on vacaton to huwaii.
NO FAIR!!!!!said Ivy.Now come on!Okay.After 1 hour they fineally got Cookie.They put her in the cage.Cooke trride to escape the cage.But it didin't work and Cooki got a shot torns-out that it didn't hurt.Emma,Ivy,and Cooke went home. the next day mom and dad came home.Ivy said why didn't you bring us to huwaii?
13. Mom said you have school, Ivy said OK. the next day Ivy and Emma have a graduation! Ivy, lets have a girls day Emma. Emma can we please bring cookie with us, said Ivy? Ok fine said Emma. The girls day is tomorrow said Emma? Ok said Ivy. The next day Ivy, Emma, cookie woke up and got ready... But when Ivy went to the bathroom. she sss..aaa..www... aaa... spiderrrrrrr!!! Meanwhile Emma was so happy that she started dancing ayyyyyyyy ay ay aya ayyy. 
The she heard a scream! She ran to the bathroom! She found her sister screaming. she asked what happened? Ivy sceramed there a spider!! Emma caught the spider with a tissu. Ivy come on we have to go Ok. Wait!! what Ivy? We have to get cookie? Oh yeah!! Come on! Ok the sisters got the sisters got cookie, then they went.
In there Cyber truk!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!They went swimming,Mc,concert,Disneyland,mall!!!!Fineally they came home Ivy said YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!Emma can we do it agin next saterday?Of coruse! Thanks!!Now go to bed!OK!GoodnightGoodnightBye!Bye!The next day Emma had a friend coming for a sleep-over.at night Ivy asked if she can joyn with her stuff and pagamas.
Emma saide ok!They had so much fun!The parents got in a plan crash...The girls got a phonecall  lukley they servied but they have to be in the hospital for 2 days...Emma told Ivy se was so shoked she started to cry!Emma said Ivy donn't cry mom nd dad are in the hospital for only 2 days.ok.......said Ivy...
Don't be sad Ivy I now please it's okay...........!?ok.Good.Now ...PILLOWFIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!The next day Emma had good news and bad news.Emma called Ivy.Ivy ran  down stiars she saide what happend???Emma saide I have good news or bad news.?.Wich one do u want to hear goodor bad? I want good!ok!
Are perentes are camming tomorrow.YAY!!!But the bad news is can't  hve a girls day.Why????????Becuse I have  to take care of the house sorry sis. Iit's ok! Thank u your relly a great sister said Emma.You to big sis. Thank's now eat your breakfast and get ready  for school.OK!!!Yummy thanks big sis!!No prolam.
The next day the sisters parents came back from the hospital! Ivy  was sleeping when Emma was awake and ran and huged them crying in happy tears Ivy woke up in a big suprise! She ran and huged her parents tight. The next day the sisters went to the park with Cookie and got ice crem and had a nice sweet good fun day!!!!!!THE END!!!!!